memtx: do not abort unrelated transactions on DDL (#10833)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10377-do-not-abort-unrelated-on-ddl.md

## feature/memtx

> * Now DDL operations abort only transactions related to a modified
>   space (gh-10377).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Now DDL operations abort only transactions related to the space that
  they are modifying (gh-10377).
```
